README.md, before:

# Custom Photo Calendar Creator

A React/TypeScript/Nodejs/NextJs/...(?) rework of my 9+ years old custom calendar app as
pet project.

The goal of the project is to learn as much as I can about the mentioned technologies. So
I want to be sure, that I understand and can reason about every line of code that is on
the master branch. To achieve this I've read and watched a lot of blogposts, tutorials,
videos, documentation about every element used in the project.

Several of these are listed in
[the document I use for planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GidvJzmwesiGde0cEcd0WYWJWms2kcxGVfmyWsqoIC4/edit#heading=h.264trfkja4kn)
the project.

## Main concepts of the new Custom Photo Calendar Creator

The planning started in a Google Drive Document and for now, you can find the section
about the Main Concepts there, in the
[Custom Photo Calendar Creator Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GidvJzmwesiGde0cEcd0WYWJWms2kcxGVfmyWsqoIC4/edit#heading=h.lg6xawe598v4)
document.

See [docs/dataStructurePlans.md](/docs/dataStructurePlans.md) for details about the planned
data structures.

## About the previous version

I've started the original calendar creator for a print shop in 2011 March and it was in
production from 2011 September to 2019. It was handling thousands of orders from its first
year until it got old enough for retirement.

That app was built using PHP/MySQL/jQuery, you can try it out here:

https://calendar.szaborudi.hu/naptar

Demo account: **jane@example.com** / **calendarDemo**

Commit message:

Add Netlify link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Custom Photo Calendar Creator

A React/TypeScript/Nodejs/NextJs/...(?) rework of my 9+ years old custom calendar app as
pet project.

You can check out the current state hosted on Netlify:

https://custom-calendar-creator.netlify.app/editor

The goal of the project is to learn as much as I can about the mentioned technologies. So
I want to be sure, that I understand and can reason about every line of code that is on
the master branch. To achieve this I've read and watched a lot of blogposts, tutorials,
videos, documentation about every element used in the project.

Several of these are listed in
[the document I use for planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GidvJzmwesiGde0cEcd0WYWJWms2kcxGVfmyWsqoIC4/edit#heading=h.264trfkja4kn)
the project.

## Main concepts of the new Custom Photo Calendar Creator

The planning started in a Google Drive Document and for now, you can find the section
about the Main Concepts there, in the
[Custom Photo Calendar Creator Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GidvJzmwesiGde0cEcd0WYWJWms2kcxGVfmyWsqoIC4/edit#heading=h.lg6xawe598v4)
document.

See [docs/dataStructurePlans.md](/docs/dataStructurePlans.md) for details about the planned
data structures.

## About the previous version

I've started the original calendar creator for a print shop in 2011 March and it was in
production from 2011 September to 2019. It was handling thousands of orders from its first
year until it got old enough for retirement.

That app was built using PHP/MySQL/jQuery, you can try it out here:

https://calendar.szaborudi.hu/naptar

Demo account: **jane@example.com** / **calendarDemo**
